[Music]
Hello friends, welcome to today's new
video. Friends, a lot of people have
booked Ola electric scooters and are
waiting for updates on when the
delivery will happen, whether the
scooter has been dispatched or not.
Many people are worried about all these things. But
forget about the scooter being delivered, even those who have taken
insurance have
not received any confirmation yet, whether they have had the
experience or not.
Some have booked one insurance,
some have booked ICICI insurance, so there are a
lot of people who are worried and
they are not getting any updates.
Friends,
in today's video we will tell you whether you have insurance
or not, how do we check whether
we have insurance or
not, some people ask, friends,
when will our insurance come, when will we get the message, friends, there is nothing like that,
your insurance can be done earlier also, so
friends, first of all you have to open your Ola app on
which you have booked your scooter,
after that friends, you have to
go to the page of the Ola scooter that you have ordered, friends, as soon as
you  Once it opens,
you have to wait a bit
friends, it is
running a bit slow, so friends you can see it, if
you scroll down, at the
bottom you will
see a view insurance policy option under view receipt
friends, so friends you have to
click here, as you can see
friends my insurance is from ICICI
Lombard, as you can see
my insurance has been done, the
message has also come as to when is it from
24th September to 2030, my
first one is from 24th September to
23rd September, friends as you must be seeing friends
my scooty Dilbar has not been done
but our insurance is done friends,
its message has come to me as
you must be seeing so friends don't
worry if you have booked an Ola scooty
then the insurance can be done before
or after
friends there is another way for this, if you want to
check your insurance whether it is done
or not,
download its app like mine
is from ICICI, you
can check it here
And if you want to claim
your insurance from here, then you
can do it very easily, friends, so
friends, we do not have to worry, we have to
wait for our message, keep
checking your mail regularly
and see this, friends, my message had come,
you can see it here, Dear Customer,
Thanks for choosing ICICI Lombard
General, friends, you can see here, my
pension message had also come, it has been a long
time, the message must have come in the insurance, on
25th, the message was sent to me, if you liked the video then
like it and if
you have not yet subscribed to our channel, then
subscribe to get the next update, so see you till then,
Jai
Hind, Jai Bharat
[Music]